README.md, before:

# fcp-dal-api

The Data Access Layer (DAL) for the Farming and Countryside Programme (FCP) - a GraphQL API.

- [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Node.js](#nodejs)
- [Local development](#local-development)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Development](#development)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Production](#production)
  - [Npm scripts](#npm-scripts)
  - [Update dependencies](#update-dependencies)
  - [Formatting](#formatting)
    - [Windows prettier issue](#windows-prettier-issue)
- [API endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Development helpers](#development-helpers)
  - [MongoDB Locks](#mongodb-locks)
- [Docker](#docker)
  - [Development image](#development-image)
  - [Production image](#production-image)
  - [Docker Compose](#docker-compose)
  - [Dependabot](#dependabot)
  - [SonarCloud](#sonarcloud)
- [Licence](#licence)
  - [About the licence](#about-the-licence)

## Requirements

### Node.js

Please install [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) `>= v22` and [npm](https://nodejs.org/) `>= v11`. You will find it
easier to use the Node Version Manager [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm)

To use the correct version of Node.js for this application, via nvm:

```bash
cd fcp-dal-api
nvm use
```

## Local development

### Setup

Install application dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

### Development

To run the application in `development` mode run:

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Testing

To test the application run:

```bash
npm run test
```

### Production

To mimic the application running in `production` mode locally run:

```bash
npm start
```

### Npm scripts

All available Npm scripts can be seen in [package.json](./package.json).
To view them in your command line run:

```bash
npm run
```

### Update dependencies

To update dependencies use [npm-check-updates](https://github.com/raineorshine/npm-check-updates):

> The following script is a good start. Check out all the options on
> the [npm-check-updates](https://github.com/raineorshine/npm-check-updates)

```bash
ncu --interactive --format group
```

### Formatting

#### Windows prettier issue

If you are having issues with formatting of line breaks on Windows update your global git config by running:

```bash
git config --global core.autocrlf false
```

## API endpoints

| Endpoint       | Description |
| :------------- | :---------- |
| `GET: /health` | Health      |

## Development helpers

### Proxy

We are using forward-proxy which is set up by default. To make use of this: `import { fetch } from 'undici'` then because of the `setGlobalDispatcher(new ProxyAgent(proxyUrl))` calls will use the ProxyAgent Dispatcher

If you are not using Wreck, Axios or Undici or a similar http that uses `Request`. Then you may have to provide the proxy dispatcher:

To add the dispatcher to your own client:

```javascript
import { ProxyAgent } from 'undici'

return await fetch(url, {
  dispatcher: new ProxyAgent({
    uri: proxyUrl,
    keepAliveTimeout: 10,
    keepAliveMaxTimeout: 10
  })
})
```

## Docker

### Development image

Build:

```bash
docker build --target development --no-cache --tag fcp-dal-api:development .
```

Run:

```bash
docker run -e PORT=3001 -p 3001:3001 fcp-dal-api:development
```

### Production image

Build:

```bash
docker build --no-cache --tag fcp-dal-api .
```

Run:

```bash
docker run -e PORT=3001 -p 3001:3001 fcp-dal-api
```

### Docker Compose

A local environment with:

- This service.

```bash
docker compose up --build -d
```

### Dependabot

We have added an example dependabot configuration file to the repository. You can enable it by renaming
the [.github/example.dependabot.yml](.github/example.dependabot.yml) to `.github/dependabot.yml`

### SonarCloud

Instructions for setting up SonarCloud can be found in [sonar-project.properties](./sonar-project.properties)

## Licence

THIS INFORMATION IS LICENSED UNDER THE CONDITIONS OF THE OPEN GOVERNMENT LICENCE found at:

<http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3>

The following attribution statement MUST be cited in your products and applications when using this information.

> Contains public sector information licensed under the Open Government license v3

### About the licence

The Open Government Licence (OGL) was developed by the Controller of Her Majesty's Stationery Office (HMSO) to enable
information providers in the public sector to license the use and re-use of their information under a common open
licence.

It is designed to encourage use and re-use of information freely and flexibly, with only a few conditions.

Commit message:

feat: upstream fetch endpoint (#2)
* doc: describe platform authentication

* feat: add KITS connection config details

* feat: kits configured data fetcher

* chore: configure cSpell and fix issues

* feat: add route to call upstream KITS API

* chore: add uncovered filetypes to prettier

* feat: censortively log config on start-up

README.md, after:

# fcp-dal-api

The Data Access Layer (DAL) for the Farming and Countryside Programme (FCP) - a GraphQL API.

- [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Node.js](#nodejs)
- [Local development](#local-development)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Development](#development)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Production](#production)
  - [Npm scripts](#npm-scripts)
  - [Update dependencies](#update-dependencies)
  - [Formatting](#formatting)
    - [Windows prettier issue](#windows-prettier-issue)
- [API endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Development helpers](#development-helpers)
  - [MongoDB Locks](#mongodb-locks)
- [Docker](#docker)
  - [Development image](#development-image)
  - [Production image](#production-image)
  - [Docker Compose](#docker-compose)
  - [Dependabot](#dependabot)
  - [SonarCloud](#sonarcloud)
- [Licence](#licence)
  - [About the licence](#about-the-licence)

## Requirements

### Node.js

Please install [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) `>= v22` and [npm](https://nodejs.org/) `>= v11`. You will find it
easier to use the Node Version Manager [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm)

To use the correct version of Node.js for this application, via nvm:

```bash
cd fcp-dal-api
nvm use
```

## Local development

### Setup

Install application dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

### Development

To run the application in `development` mode run:

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Testing

To test the application run:

```bash
npm run test
```

### Production

To mimic the application running in `production` mode locally run:

```bash
npm start
```

### Npm scripts

All available Npm scripts can be seen in [package.json](./package.json).
To view them in your command line run:

```bash
npm run
```

### Update dependencies

To update dependencies use [npm-check-updates](https://github.com/raineorshine/npm-check-updates):

> The following script is a good start. Check out all the options on
> the [npm-check-updates](https://github.com/raineorshine/npm-check-updates)

```bash
ncu --interactive --format group
```

### Formatting

#### Windows prettier issue

If you are having issues with formatting of line breaks on Windows update your global git config by running:

```bash
git config --global core.autocrlf false
```

## API endpoints

| Endpoint       | Description |
| :------------- | :---------- |
| `GET: /health` | Health      |

### Security

The platform provides features for handling authentication to the DAL, connecting clients can follow the [CDP docs](https://portal.cdp-int.defra.cloud/documentation/how-to/apis.md#how-do-clients-authenticate-and-access-my-api-).

> NOTE: the endpoint protection can be changed by submitting a PR with changes to this [spec file](https://github.com/DEFRA/cdp-tf-svc-infra/blob/main/environments/dev/apis/fcp-dal-api.yml)

## Development helpers

### Proxy

We are using forward-proxy which is set up by default. To make use of this: `import { fetch } from 'undici'` then because of the `setGlobalDispatcher(new ProxyAgent(proxyUrl))` calls will use the ProxyAgent Dispatcher

If you are not using Wreck, Axios or Undici or a similar http that uses `Request`. Then you may have to provide the proxy dispatcher:

To add the dispatcher to your own client:

```javascript
import { ProxyAgent } from 'undici'

return await fetch(url, {
  dispatcher: new ProxyAgent({
    uri: proxyUrl,
    keepAliveTimeout: 10,
    keepAliveMaxTimeout: 10
  })
})
```

## Docker

### Development image

Build:

```bash
docker build --target development --no-cache --tag fcp-dal-api:development .
```

Run:

```bash
docker run -e PORT=3001 -p 3001:3001 fcp-dal-api:development
```

### Production image

Build:

```bash
docker build --no-cache --tag fcp-dal-api .
```

Run:

```bash
docker run -e PORT=3001 -p 3001:3001 fcp-dal-api
```

### Docker Compose

A local environment with:

- This service.

```bash
docker compose up --build -d
```

### Dependabot

We have added an example dependabot configuration file to the repository. You can enable it by renaming
the [.github/example.dependabot.yml](.github/example.dependabot.yml) to `.github/dependabot.yml`

### SonarCloud

Instructions for setting up SonarCloud can be found in [sonar-project.properties](./sonar-project.properties)

## Licence

THIS INFORMATION IS LICENSED UNDER THE CONDITIONS OF THE OPEN GOVERNMENT LICENCE found at:

<http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3>

The following attribution statement MUST be cited in your products and applications when using this information.

> Contains public sector information licensed under the Open Government license v3

### About the licence

The Open Government Licence (OGL) was developed by the Controller of Her Majesty's Stationery Office (HMSO) to enable
information providers in the public sector to license the use and re-use of their information under a common open
licence.

It is designed to encourage use and re-use of information freely and flexibly, with only a few conditions.
