docs/homepage.md, before:

# DAL Homepage

## Environments

The DAL has the following environments:
| DAL Env | URL | Azure Entra Tenant - Tenant ID | KITS/Version1/RP Portal Env |
| ----------| ------------- | ----- | ------- |
| Dev | https://fcp-dal-api.dev.cdp-int.defra.cloud/graphql | No Auth required | Upstream mock - dev |
| Test | https://fcp-dal-api.test.cdp-int.defra.cloud/graphql | O365_DEFRADEV - 6f504113-6b64-43f2-ade9-242e05780007 | Upgrade |
| Ext-test | https://et.fcp-dal.api.defra.gov.uk/graphql | Defra - 770a2450-0227-4c62-90c7-4e38537f1102 | Perf |
| Perf-test | https://fcp-dal-api.perf-test.cdp-int.defra.cloud/graphql | Defra - 770a2450-0227-4c62-90c7-4e38537f1102 | Upstream mock - perf-test |
| Prod | https://fcp-dal-api.defra.gov.uk/graphql | Defra - 770a2450-0227-4c62-90c7-4e38537f1102 | Prod |

## Onboarding

The DAL requires a few things:

- Entra Security Group in the corresponding tenant for the DAL
- An App reg in your group to generate the token, with the groups exposed in the token
- Have the Group added to the DAL to provide access to the necessary fields (we do not currently use service accounts to call our upstreams as this is a WIP)
- A valid user email or Defra ID token for the user making the request for your service
  - **If Your service users do not have access to the RP Portal you will not be able to use the DAL currently**

**Note:** you must also request the app reg be updated to expose the security groups in the token, this is done by setting the following in the manifest json:
`"groupMembershipClaims": "SecurityGroup",`

So if your service is looking to connect to the Test environment you will need an app reg and Entra group created in the O365_DEFRADEV Azure tenant.

### Authenticating

All DAL environments other than Dev require a valid Microsoft OIDC token containing Groups that have been mapped withing the DAL to the corresponding access.

Your service will then need to generate a valid OIDC token containing the group claims,
you can do this by making the following POST request:

```shell
curl --location 'https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenant_id}/oauth2/v2.0/token' \
  --form 'client_id="{client_id}"' \
  --form 'scope="{client_id}/.default"' \
  --form 'client_secret="{client_secret}"' \
  --form 'grant_type="client_credentials"'
```

Commit message:

docs: update advice for consumers (#108)
Correct out-dated README content, and point consumers to the newer
github project Homepage resources.
Reduce the Homepage env table content to better fit the narrow scheme,
and move the bulk of the Authenticating section to the dedicated
sub-page.
Add the auth token example from the Homepage to the auth sub-page, and
consolidate the advice.
Add better linking between the 2 project docs pages and the main README.

docs/homepage.md, after:

# DAL Homepage

## Environments

The <abbr title="Data Access Layer">DAL</abbr> has the following environments:

| DAL Env   | URL                                                       | Azure Entra Tenant | KITS/Version1/RP Portal Env |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | --------------------------- |
| Dev       | https://fcp-dal-api.dev.cdp-int.defra.cloud/graphql       | No auth required   | Upstream mock - dev         |
| Test      | https://fcp-dal-api.test.cdp-int.defra.cloud/graphql      | O365_DEFRADEV      | Upgrade                     |
| Ext-test  | https://et.fcp-dal.api.defra.gov.uk/graphql               | Defra              | Perf                        |
| Perf-test | https://fcp-dal-api.perf-test.cdp-int.defra.cloud/graphql | Defra              | Upstream mock - perf-test   |
| Prod      | https://fcp-dal-api.defra.gov.uk/graphql                  | Defra              | Prod                        |

> NOTE: the Tenant ID for Test is `6f504113-6b64-43f2-ade9-242e05780007` (O365_DEFRADEV), all higher environments use the Prod DEFRA Tenant `770a2450-0227-4c62-90c7-4e38537f1102`

## Onboarding

The DAL requires a few things:

- Entra Security Group in the corresponding tenant for the DAL
- An "App Reg" in your Group to generate the auth token, with the groups exposed in the token
- Supply the Group ID to the DAL Team to provide access to the necessary fields (we do not currently use service accounts to call our upstreams as this is a WIP)
- A valid user email or Defra ID token for the user making the request for your service
  - **If your service users do not have access to the RP Portal you will not be able to use the DAL currently**

**Note:** you must also request the app reg be updated to expose the security groups in the token, this is done by setting the following in the manifest JSON:
`"groupMembershipClaims": "SecurityGroup",`

Example: if your service is looking to connect to the Test environment you will need an App Reg and Entra Group created in the `O365_DEFRADEV` Azure tenant.

## Authenticating

All DAL environments (except Dev) require a valid Microsoft OIDC token (with the Group setup as described in the [Onboarding](#Onboarding) section above). There are also some other requirements depending on the type of request, please see the [DAL Authentication](./auth) guide for details.
